integration/verifier-contract/signing-intents.mdx, before:

---
title: 'Signing Intents'
description: 'How to sign intents for different wallet types and signing standards'
icon: 'signature'
---

After creating intents, they must be signed before submission to the Verifier contract via the `execute_intents` function.

<Warning>
**Encoding Requirements for the Verifier Contract**

| Curve     | Public Key              | Signature                      |
|-----------|-------------------------|--------------------------------|
| Ed25519   | 32 bytes                | 64 bytes                       |
| Secp256k1 | 64 bytes (uncompressed) | 65 bytes (r \|\| s \|\| v)     |
| P256      | 64 bytes (uncompressed) | 64 bytes (r \|\| s)            |

**Important:** Compressed public keys are not supported for ECDSA curves (Secp256k1, P256). Public keys must be in uncompressed format (raw 64-byte x || y coordinates without prefix bytes).

Signatures must be in raw concatenated byte format, not DER-encoded.
</Warning>

## Account abstraction

As discussed in [Account Abstraction](/integration/verifier-contract/account-abstraction), accounts in the Verifier contract are identified by their NEAR account (whether implicit or named like `alice.near`). Every account can add an arbitrary number of public keys. Every public key in a user's account can produce signatures that authorize intents for that user. Proper key management is essential.

## Signing philosophy

Digital signature algorithms vary significantly. Key differences include:

- **Key generation:** Public/private key generation mechanisms (RSA vs elliptic curves)
- **Curve types:** NIST curves (secp256k1 from Bitcoin/Ethereum) or Montgomery curves (Ed25519)
- **Message construction:** How payloads are constructed for verification with the public key

To make integration with different wallets and services as easy as possible, NEAR Intents supports [multiple verification methods](https://near.github.io/intents/defuse_core/payload/multi/enum.MultiPayload.html). Each signature type corresponds to a wallet or service capable of verifying it.

For example, ERC-191 exists because Ethereum wallets like MetaMask support the [ERC-191 standard](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-191) for off-chain data signing.

## Signature types

A signed [Transfer](https://near.github.io/intents/defuse_core/intents/tokens/struct.Transfer.html) intent ready for submission looks like this:

```json
{
  "standard": "nep413",
  "payload": {
    "recipient": "intents.near",
    "nonce": "Vij2xgAlKBKzgNPJFViEQRgYyS7p2NEiYTTY4XmT8go=",
    "message": "{\"deadline\":\"2025-05-21T10:34:04.254392Z\",\"intents\":[{\"intent\":\"transfer\",\"receiver_id\":\"bob.near\",\"tokens\":{\"nep141:usdc.near\":\"10\"}}],\"signer_id\":\"alice.near\"}"
  },
  "public_key": "ed25519:C3jXhkGhEx88Gj7XKtUziJKXEBMRaJ67bWFkxJikVxZ2",
  "signature": "ed25519:2ns3eCikZFxFA6e9ApunuDG4XwJUPrB8q82fYViBKjheqiDYcCmLN9RnB9NhoEvCdNoS3L3qYD9FAnKd7UkTnuij"
}
```

This object conforms to the [MultiPayload](https://near.github.io/intents/defuse_core/payload/multi/enum.MultiPayload.html) enum.

### NEP-413

The [NEP-413 standard](https://github.com/near/NEPs/blob/master/neps/nep-0413.md) is an off-chain message signing standard recognized by NEAR wallets.

**Encoding:**
- `nonce`: base64
- `public_key`: prefixed with key type, then base58
- `signature`: prefixed with key type, then base58

### ERC-191

Compliant with the [ERC-191 standard](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-191) for off-chain message signing (Ethereum wallets like MetaMask).

```json
{
  "standard": "erc191",
  "payload": "{\"signer_id\":\"0xca67C1Bb3FD69857E5edaF6aA1c65371bF46A464\",\"verifying_contract\":\"intents.near\",\"deadline\":\"2025-05-26T13:24:16.983Z\",\"nonce\":\"Vij2xgAlKBKzwGNqwogWQxiy87p9jW5Omfg+L9bXBDw=\",\"intents\":[{\"intent\":\"token_diff\",\"diff\":{\"nep141:usdc.near\":\"-1000\",\"nep141:usdt.near\":\"1000\"}},{\"intent\":\"ft_withdraw\",\"token\":\"usdt.near\",\"receiver_id\":\"bob.near\",\"amount\":\"1000\"}]}",
  "signature": "secp256k1:BoR53NKKJ2GfP8bETk427Xav8VMpUcZovLzXeq2EsUD7NnPH2sSmxWFEkDUrguJHHkiu3GwEQxxMo2Rm2ZTDHFygU"
}
```

**Encoding:**
- `signature`: prefixed with key type, then base58

<Info>
There is no public key field because it can be recovered from the signature and data.
</Info>

### Raw Ed25519

Used by [Phantom wallet for Solana off-chain message signing](https://docs.phantom.com/solana/signing-a-message).

```json
{
  "standard": "raw_ed25519",
  "payload": "{\"signer_id\":\"alice.near\",\"verifying_contract\":\"intents.near\",\"deadline\":{\"timestamp\":1732035219},\"nonce\":\"Vij2xgAlKBKzwGNqwogWQxi9ZuGDNBXlmdy9g3MQSMk=\",\"intents\":[{\"intent\":\"token_diff\",\"diff\":{\"nep141:usdc.near\":\"-1000\",\"nep141:usdt.near\":\"998\"}}]}",
  "public_key": "ed25519:9aqyNsCRrDkq9SceVRCdW1Zs9BmEP8ieJQRJim8iRLF",
  "signature": "ed25519:9RHRenkbYN6cfWXkou47sjAf1PuTc6nYM8amHADApfqio8dcMQu28cgfz6wkktBFoE8J7FsZ3rxifFdMdzTTJi6"
}
```

**Encoding:**
- `public_key`: prefixed with key type, then base58
- `signature`: prefixed with key type, then base58

### WebAuthn (Passkey)

For use with [passkeys](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WebAuthn) and the [Web Authentication standard](https://w3c.github.io/webauthn/).

```json
{
  "standard": "webauthn",
  "payload": "{\"signer_id\":\"0x3602b546589a8fcafdce7fad64a46f91db0e4d50\",\"verifying_contract\":\"intents.near\",\"deadline\":\"2025-03-30T00:00:00Z\",\"nonce\":\"A3nsY1GMVjzyXL3mUzOOP3KT+5a0Ruy+QDNWPhchnxM=\",\"intents\":[{\"intent\":\"transfer\",\"receiver_id\":\"bob.near\",\"tokens\":{\"nep141:usdc.near\":\"1000\"}}]}",
  "public_key": "p256:2V8Np9vGqLiwVZ8qmMmpkxU7CTRqje4WtwFeLimSwuuyF1rddQK5fELiMgxUnYbVjbZHCNnGc6fAe4JeDcVxgj3Q",
  "signature": "p256:3KBMZ72BHUiVfE1ey5dpi3KgbXvSEf9kuxgBEax7qLBQtidZExxxjjQk1hTTGFRrPvUoEStfrjoFNVVW4Abar94W",
  "client_data_json": "{\"type\":\"webauthn.get\",\"challenge\":\"4cveZsIe6p-WaEcL-Lhtzt3SZuXbYsjDdlFhLNrSjjk\",\"origin\":\"https://defuse-widget-git-feat-passkeys-defuse-94bbc1b2.vercel.app\"}",
  "authenticator_data": "933cQogpBzE3RSAYSAkfWoNEcBd3X84PxE8iRrRVxMgdAAAAAA=="
}
```

The [signature](https://near.github.io/intents/defuse_webauthn/enum.Signature.html) can use either [Ed25519 or P256 (secp256r1)](https://www.iana.org/assignments/cose/cose.xhtml#algorithms).

**Encoding:**
- `authenticator_data`: base64, URL-safe
- `challenge`: base64, URL-safe
- `signature`: prefixed with key type (`p256` or `ed25519`), then base58
- `public_key`: prefixed with key type, then base58

### TonConnect

Follows the [standard for data signing](https://docs.tonconsole.com/academy/sign-data) on TON.

```json
{
  "address": "EXvSRnDlYHziOJRm1MqGLgQB3EN7319eZLYWVinpoPv7LkBd",
  "domain": "example.com",
  "timestamp": "2025-01-01T00:00:00Z",
  "payload": {
    "type": "text",
    "text": "{\"signer_id\":\"alice.near\",\"verifying_contract\":\"intent.near\",\"deadline\":\"2025-05-26T15:19:43.617898Z\",\"nonce\":\"ZnbiFf4tP4cn65XLuZ6T1H6/Vr3o6ucNftdx3pInLnc=\",\"intents\":[{\"intent\":\"ft_withdraw\",\"token\":\"usdc.near\",\"receiver_id\":\"bob.near\",\"amount\":\"1000\"}]}"
  },
  "public_key": "ed25519:G4HVCaJg9vZb2srcLoWxR9grQ3tGLNFMVrZBhTtBi4Q1",
  "signature": "ed25519:5cwYdTNeGy1mApo9RNor9hSXvcG6GbvVm6di6kuf4frnARtVWRpJoPtvFKHMbt7uDGDtgFfn6bPDFGPK5jamqBwC"
}
```

**Encoding:**
- `public_key`: prefixed with key type, then base58
- `signature`: prefixed with key type, then base58

## Adding more signature types

To support additional key or signature types, contact the NEAR Intents team via [Telegram](https://t.me/near_intents).

Commit message:

feat: add intro for signing intents

integration/verifier-contract/signing-intents.mdx, after:

---
title: 'Signing Intents'
description: 'How to sign intents for different wallet types and signing standards'
icon: 'signature'
---

After creating intents, they must be signed before submission to the Verifier contract via the `execute_intents` function. The Verifier supports [multiple signature standards](#signature-types) to enable signing from NEAR, Ethereum, Solana, TON, and passkey-based wallets.

- For intents structure before signing, see [Intent Types and Execution](/integration/verifier-contract/intent-types-and-execution).
- For key management, see [Account Abstraction](/integration/verifier-contract/account-abstraction).

<Warning>
**Encoding Requirements for the Verifier Contract**

| Curve     | Public Key              | Signature                      |
|-----------|-------------------------|--------------------------------|
| Ed25519   | 32 bytes                | 64 bytes                       |
| Secp256k1 | 64 bytes (uncompressed) | 65 bytes (r \|\| s \|\| v)     |
| P256      | 64 bytes (uncompressed) | 64 bytes (r \|\| s)            |

**Important:** Compressed public keys are not supported for ECDSA curves (Secp256k1, P256). Public keys must be in uncompressed format (raw 64-byte x || y coordinates without prefix bytes).

Signatures must be in raw concatenated byte format, not DER-encoded.
</Warning>

## Account abstraction

As discussed in [Account Abstraction](/integration/verifier-contract/account-abstraction), accounts in the Verifier contract are identified by their NEAR account (whether implicit or named like `alice.near`). Every account can add an arbitrary number of public keys. Every public key in a user's account can produce signatures that authorize intents for that user. Proper key management is essential.

## Signing philosophy

Digital signature algorithms vary significantly. Key differences include:

- **Key generation:** Public/private key generation mechanisms (RSA vs elliptic curves)
- **Curve types:** NIST curves (secp256k1 from Bitcoin/Ethereum) or Montgomery curves (Ed25519)
- **Message construction:** How payloads are constructed for verification with the public key

To make integration with different wallets and services as easy as possible, NEAR Intents supports [multiple verification methods](https://near.github.io/intents/defuse_core/payload/multi/enum.MultiPayload.html). Each signature type corresponds to a wallet or service capable of verifying it.

For example, ERC-191 exists because Ethereum wallets like MetaMask support the [ERC-191 standard](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-191) for off-chain data signing.

## Signature types

A signed [Transfer](https://near.github.io/intents/defuse_core/intents/tokens/struct.Transfer.html) intent ready for submission looks like this:

```json
{
  "standard": "nep413",
  "payload": {
    "recipient": "intents.near",
    "nonce": "Vij2xgAlKBKzgNPJFViEQRgYyS7p2NEiYTTY4XmT8go=",
    "message": "{\"deadline\":\"2025-05-21T10:34:04.254392Z\",\"intents\":[{\"intent\":\"transfer\",\"receiver_id\":\"bob.near\",\"tokens\":{\"nep141:usdc.near\":\"10\"}}],\"signer_id\":\"alice.near\"}"
  },
  "public_key": "ed25519:C3jXhkGhEx88Gj7XKtUziJKXEBMRaJ67bWFkxJikVxZ2",
  "signature": "ed25519:2ns3eCikZFxFA6e9ApunuDG4XwJUPrB8q82fYViBKjheqiDYcCmLN9RnB9NhoEvCdNoS3L3qYD9FAnKd7UkTnuij"
}
```

This object conforms to the [MultiPayload](https://near.github.io/intents/defuse_core/payload/multi/enum.MultiPayload.html) enum.

### NEP-413

The [NEP-413 standard](https://github.com/near/NEPs/blob/master/neps/nep-0413.md) is an off-chain message signing standard recognized by NEAR wallets.

**Encoding:**
- `nonce`: base64
- `public_key`: prefixed with key type, then base58
- `signature`: prefixed with key type, then base58

### ERC-191

Compliant with the [ERC-191 standard](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-191) for off-chain message signing (Ethereum wallets like MetaMask).

```json
{
  "standard": "erc191",
  "payload": "{\"signer_id\":\"0xca67C1Bb3FD69857E5edaF6aA1c65371bF46A464\",\"verifying_contract\":\"intents.near\",\"deadline\":\"2025-05-26T13:24:16.983Z\",\"nonce\":\"Vij2xgAlKBKzwGNqwogWQxiy87p9jW5Omfg+L9bXBDw=\",\"intents\":[{\"intent\":\"token_diff\",\"diff\":{\"nep141:usdc.near\":\"-1000\",\"nep141:usdt.near\":\"1000\"}},{\"intent\":\"ft_withdraw\",\"token\":\"usdt.near\",\"receiver_id\":\"bob.near\",\"amount\":\"1000\"}]}",
  "signature": "secp256k1:BoR53NKKJ2GfP8bETk427Xav8VMpUcZovLzXeq2EsUD7NnPH2sSmxWFEkDUrguJHHkiu3GwEQxxMo2Rm2ZTDHFygU"
}
```

**Encoding:**
- `signature`: prefixed with key type, then base58

<Info>
There is no public key field because it can be recovered from the signature and data.
</Info>

### Raw Ed25519

Used by [Phantom wallet for Solana off-chain message signing](https://docs.phantom.com/solana/signing-a-message).

```json
{
  "standard": "raw_ed25519",
  "payload": "{\"signer_id\":\"alice.near\",\"verifying_contract\":\"intents.near\",\"deadline\":{\"timestamp\":1732035219},\"nonce\":\"Vij2xgAlKBKzwGNqwogWQxi9ZuGDNBXlmdy9g3MQSMk=\",\"intents\":[{\"intent\":\"token_diff\",\"diff\":{\"nep141:usdc.near\":\"-1000\",\"nep141:usdt.near\":\"998\"}}]}",
  "public_key": "ed25519:9aqyNsCRrDkq9SceVRCdW1Zs9BmEP8ieJQRJim8iRLF",
  "signature": "ed25519:9RHRenkbYN6cfWXkou47sjAf1PuTc6nYM8amHADApfqio8dcMQu28cgfz6wkktBFoE8J7FsZ3rxifFdMdzTTJi6"
}
```

**Encoding:**
- `public_key`: prefixed with key type, then base58
- `signature`: prefixed with key type, then base58

### WebAuthn (Passkey)

For use with [passkeys](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WebAuthn) and the [Web Authentication standard](https://w3c.github.io/webauthn/).

```json
{
  "standard": "webauthn",
  "payload": "{\"signer_id\":\"0x3602b546589a8fcafdce7fad64a46f91db0e4d50\",\"verifying_contract\":\"intents.near\",\"deadline\":\"2025-03-30T00:00:00Z\",\"nonce\":\"A3nsY1GMVjzyXL3mUzOOP3KT+5a0Ruy+QDNWPhchnxM=\",\"intents\":[{\"intent\":\"transfer\",\"receiver_id\":\"bob.near\",\"tokens\":{\"nep141:usdc.near\":\"1000\"}}]}",
  "public_key": "p256:2V8Np9vGqLiwVZ8qmMmpkxU7CTRqje4WtwFeLimSwuuyF1rddQK5fELiMgxUnYbVjbZHCNnGc6fAe4JeDcVxgj3Q",
  "signature": "p256:3KBMZ72BHUiVfE1ey5dpi3KgbXvSEf9kuxgBEax7qLBQtidZExxxjjQk1hTTGFRrPvUoEStfrjoFNVVW4Abar94W",
  "client_data_json": "{\"type\":\"webauthn.get\",\"challenge\":\"4cveZsIe6p-WaEcL-Lhtzt3SZuXbYsjDdlFhLNrSjjk\",\"origin\":\"https://defuse-widget-git-feat-passkeys-defuse-94bbc1b2.vercel.app\"}",
  "authenticator_data": "933cQogpBzE3RSAYSAkfWoNEcBd3X84PxE8iRrRVxMgdAAAAAA=="
}
```

The [signature](https://near.github.io/intents/defuse_webauthn/enum.Signature.html) can use either [Ed25519 or P256 (secp256r1)](https://www.iana.org/assignments/cose/cose.xhtml#algorithms).

**Encoding:**
- `authenticator_data`: base64, URL-safe
- `challenge`: base64, URL-safe
- `signature`: prefixed with key type (`p256` or `ed25519`), then base58
- `public_key`: prefixed with key type, then base58

### TonConnect

Follows the [standard for data signing](https://docs.tonconsole.com/academy/sign-data) on TON.

```json
{
  "address": "EXvSRnDlYHziOJRm1MqGLgQB3EN7319eZLYWVinpoPv7LkBd",
  "domain": "example.com",
  "timestamp": "2025-01-01T00:00:00Z",
  "payload": {
    "type": "text",
    "text": "{\"signer_id\":\"alice.near\",\"verifying_contract\":\"intent.near\",\"deadline\":\"2025-05-26T15:19:43.617898Z\",\"nonce\":\"ZnbiFf4tP4cn65XLuZ6T1H6/Vr3o6ucNftdx3pInLnc=\",\"intents\":[{\"intent\":\"ft_withdraw\",\"token\":\"usdc.near\",\"receiver_id\":\"bob.near\",\"amount\":\"1000\"}]}"
  },
  "public_key": "ed25519:G4HVCaJg9vZb2srcLoWxR9grQ3tGLNFMVrZBhTtBi4Q1",
  "signature": "ed25519:5cwYdTNeGy1mApo9RNor9hSXvcG6GbvVm6di6kuf4frnARtVWRpJoPtvFKHMbt7uDGDtgFfn6bPDFGPK5jamqBwC"
}
```

**Encoding:**
- `public_key`: prefixed with key type, then base58
- `signature`: prefixed with key type, then base58

## Adding more signature types

To support additional key or signature types, contact the NEAR Intents team via [Telegram](https://t.me/near_intents).
