integration/verifier-contract/deposits-and-withdrawals/near-token.mdx, before:

---
title: 'NEAR Token Treatment'
description: 'How to handle native NEAR tokens in the Verifier contract'
icon: 'coins'
---

Since NEAR is the native token for the NEAR blockchain, it requires special treatment. To streamline usage with other assets, NEAR is treated as a fungible token ([NEP-141](https://nomicon.io/Standards/Tokens/FungibleToken/Core)) using its wrapped form.

## Wrapped NEAR (wNEAR)

The wrapped NEAR token contract is deployed at [`wrap.near`](https://nearblocks.io/address/wrap.near). The source code can be found in the [NEAR core contracts repository](https://github.com/near/core-contracts/).

## How to deposit NEAR

<Warning>
There is no way to deposit native NEAR directly into the Verifier contract.
</Warning>

To deposit NEAR, you must first wrap it:

<Steps>
  <Step title="Wrap your NEAR">
    Exchange your native NEAR tokens for wrapped NEAR (wNEAR) using the `wrap.near` contract.
  </Step>
  <Step title="Deposit wNEAR">
    Deposit the wNEAR tokens into the Verifier contract using `ft_transfer_call` as described in [Deposits](/integration/verifier-contract/deposits-and-withdrawals/deposits).
  </Step>
</Steps>

## Token ID

In the Verifier contract, wrapped NEAR is identified as:

```
nep141:wrap.near
```

Commit message:

update token treatment w options for deposits

integration/verifier-contract/deposits-and-withdrawals/near-token.mdx, after:

---
title: 'NEAR Token Treatment'
description: 'How to use NEAR tokens with NEAR Intents'
icon: 'coins'
---

Since NEAR is the native token for the NEAR blockchain, it requires special treatment. To streamline usage with other assets, NEAR is treated as a fungible token ([NEP-141](https://nomicon.io/Standards/Tokens/FungibleToken/Core)) using its wrapped form.

## Wrapped NEAR (wNEAR)

The wrapped NEAR token contract is deployed at [`wrap.near`](https://nearblocks.io/address/wrap.near). The source code can be found in the [NEAR core contracts repository](https://github.com/near/core-contracts/).

## Using NEAR tokens for deposits

There are two ways to use NEAR tokens with NEAR Intents:

### Option 1: Use 1Click or Passive Deposit Service (Recommended)

The easiest way to use NEAR tokens for deposits are through the [1Click Swap API](/integration/distribution-channels/1click-api/overview) or the [Passive Deposit/Withdrawal Service](/integration/market-makers/deposit-withdrawal-service). These services handle wrapping automatically, so you can make deposits using native NEAR tokens.

### Option 2: Wrap and deposit manually

If you're integrating directly with the Verifier contract, you must wrap your NEAR first:

<Steps>
  <Step title="Wrap your NEAR">
    Exchange your native NEAR tokens for wrapped NEAR (wNEAR) using the `wrap.near` contract.
  </Step>
  <Step title="Deposit wNEAR">
    Deposit the wNEAR tokens into the Verifier contract using `ft_transfer_call` as described in [Deposits](/integration/verifier-contract/deposits-and-withdrawals/deposits).
  </Step>
</Steps>

## Token ID

In the Verifier contract, wrapped NEAR is identified as:

```
nep141:wrap.near
```
